all right today I'm here to answer one
simple question how bad is the air
pollution in Beijing China the short
answer is it's dangerously bad but the
long answer is it varies as you can tell
behind me there's a lot of smog today
it's actually one of the worst states
but when I first came here it was clear
skies and of sunny and it's beautiful
[Music]
let me pull up the air pollution rating
real quick all right as you can see
Beijing is over 300 let's check my
hometown Vancouver pretty clean that's a
check la right there's a lot of smog in
LA - and just for fun Chong Qing where I
used to live
so as you can see Beijing is one of the
worst today it means throw cancer
let me tell you a story real quick so I
live in China from the age of 0t mom all
right let me take this off it's in
ridiculous and what that meant was at it
suffered pollution for over nine years
all right so the funniest thing was when
I was little as you go to the hospital
like every single month because I would
get sinus infections from all the air
pollution and by the time I was like 5 I
would walk into the hospital and the
nurses would see me it's like oh yo
shoonya it's like hey it's you again
have they would literally know me by
name the pollution was so bad that like
no matter what we try to do to prevent
this from happening I will show end up
there every month I say all that you're
due to wear protection wear a mask
because I don't want you to spend your
whole trip in a hospital or near a
garbage cab peace out
[Music]